

GRC100-M2-2-Assignment-OCEG Membership Account Activity

    Due No Due Date Points 10 Submitting a file upload File Types doc, docx, and pdf

Topic Three: OCEG Membership Account Activity

Step 1: Create an OCEG Membership Account (for free) at: https://www.oceg.org/ (Links to an external site.)

Step 2: Research and write a one-page paper in the OCEG Membership Account Activity section of the template, using references where appropriate, following the prompts below:

    Log in and click on the “About” tab.

        What does OCEG stand for? Who are they?

    Click on the “Standards” tab.

        Review the page and look at the various resources available.
            Click on the blue “Access GRC Standards” button at the top of the page.
            What standards are available?
        Click on the “GRC Capability Model (Red Book) FULL VERSION” link.
            What is the GRC Capability Model 3.0 (Red Book) about?
            Explain the Four Components of the GRC Capability Model 3.0.
            This resource is free to OCEG members. Download a copy of this resource for future reference.

    Click on the “Resources” tab.

        Describe the available resources on this page.
        Click on some of the “free” resources and describe what you have discovered related to a GRC topic.
             What is your opinion of these resources?

    Click on the “Events” tab.

        Review this page and explain what upcoming events are listed.
            Explain why someone would think these events provide value?

    Click on the “Education” tab.

        What resources are available on this page?
        Under GRC Fundamentals, click on the “Principled Performance” link.
            List and describe Pillars of Principled Performance
            List and describe10 Universal Outcomes of Principled Performance? 

    Click on the “Certifications” tab.

        What type of GRC certifications are there?
        Click on the GRC professional certification.
            Who is the intended audience for this particular certification? 
            What does the GRC Professional Certification cover?

    Click on the “Blog” tab.

        There are many articles available for free on this page.
        Pick one of the articles/blogs of interest and provide a summary of what you learned.
            Do you believe this is a valuable resource? Explain your answer.


